3/23/24, 3:13 PM Job ID:23022150 - Quantitative Finance Analyst -Financial Crimes Data Analyst - Multiple Locations
https://careers.bankofamerica.com/en-us/job-detail/23022150/quantitative-ﬁnance-analyst-ﬁnancial-crimes-data-analyst-multip… 1/5
Back to search results
Quantitativ e Finance Analyst -
Financial Crimes Data Analyst
Charlotte, North Carolina;  Jersey City , New Jersey;
Chicago, Illinois;
Additional locations  
Posted 03/12/24
Job Description:
The position is part of the Enterprise Risk Analytics (ERA) model dev elopment
team f or Anti-Money Laundering (AML) detection models. These models
identify potentially suspicious behaviors f or further evaluation b y our in-house
investigation teams. This area has a unique appetite f or a wide scope of model
methodologies, from simple rules-based models to advanced machine learning
and AI models which facilitates opportunities f or both immediate, eﬀ ective
contribution on team priorities and personal dev elopment through exposure to
advanced modeling techniques. Our statistical toolkit includes various
numerical procedures, with a recent emphasis on enhancing custom, AML
domain-speciﬁc perf ormance testing and evaluation capabilities. Python and
PySpark serv e as our primary programming languages, in addition to SQL f or
extracting data from Hadoop and other databases.
The Role will interact with a wide variety of stakeholders including F inancial

3/23/24, 3:13 PM Job ID:23022150 - Quantitative Finance Analyst -Financial Crimes Data Analyst - Multiple Locations
https://careers.bankofamerica.com/en-us/job-detail/23022150/quantitative-ﬁnance-analyst-ﬁnancial-crimes-data-analyst-multip… 2/5Crimes Inv estigations, business risk managers, model dev elopers, model risk
management, model implementation, and technology teams.
As a Quantitativ e Finance Analyst within Enterprise Risk Analytics - AML model
development team, the main responsibilities will include:
Identifying and applying statistical techniques to support inno vative,
enhanced granularity of risk management capabilities
Developing quantitativ e methods to support granular detection capabilities
that meet risk management, line of business, and regulatory requirements
Performing in-depth analysis on the Bank’ s AML model suite and clearly
articulating a holistic picture of model perf ormance
Communicating model perf ormance to model stakeholders, including risk
management, model dev elopment, model risk, and senior management with
clear conclusions regarding accuracy and remediation areas as required
Demonstrated ability to clearly articulate to senior stakeholders quantitativ e
solutions that are designed to driv e the business f orward b y addressing
critical business problems"
Required Skills
Graduate degree in quantitativ e discipline (e.g. Mathematics, Economics,
Engineering, F inance, Physics)
2+ years of experience in model dev elopment, statistical w ork, data analytics
or quantitativ e research or PhD
Strong Programming skills e.g. R, Python, SAS, SQL or other languages
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Desired Skills
Knowledge of predictiv e modeling, statistical sampling, optimization,
machine learning and artiﬁcial intelligence techniques
3/23/24, 3:13 PM Job ID:23022150 - Quantitative Finance Analyst -Financial Crimes Data Analyst - Multiple Locations
https://careers.bankofamerica.com/en-us/job-detail/23022150/quantitative-ﬁnance-analyst-ﬁnancial-crimes-data-analyst-multip… 3/5Strong technical writing, communication and presentation skills and ability
to eﬀ ectively communicate quantitativ e topics with non-technical audiences
Experience with large data sets
Eﬀective at prioritization/time and project management
Broad understanding of ﬁnancial products
Shiﬅ:
1st shiﬅ (United States of America)
Hours P er Week: 
40
 Full time
 Travel: No
 JR-23022150
Street Address
Primary Location:
100 N TRY ON ST , NC, Charlotte, 28255 
Additional Locations:


Jersey City pay and beneﬁts
information
3/23/24, 3:13 PM Job ID:23022150 - Quantitative Finance Analyst -Financial Crimes Data Analyst - Multiple Locations
https://careers.bankofamerica.com/en-us/job-detail/23022150/quantitative-ﬁnance-analyst-ﬁnancial-crimes-data-analyst-multip… 4/5Applicants with Disabilities
Bank of America is committed to ensuring that our online application process
provides an equal emplo yment opportunity to all job seekers, including
individuals with disabilities. If y ou believ e you need a reasonable
accommodation in order to search f or a job opening or to submit an application,
please contact us b y calling 1.877.760.2076 . This is a dedicated line designed
exclusiv ely to assist job seekers whose disability prev ents them from being able
to apply online. Only messages leﬅ f or this purpose will be considered. A
response to y our request may take up to tw o business days.
Please note : Messages leﬅ f or other purposes such as f ollowing up on an
application or non-disability related technical issues, will not receiv e a response.
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender
© 2024 Bank of America Corporation.
 
Bank of America and its aﬃliates consider f or emplo yment and hire qualiﬁed candidates without
regard to race, religious creed, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, genetic inf ormation, gender,
gender identity , gender expression, age, national origin, ancestry , citizenship, protected v eteran or
disability status or any factor prohibited b y law , and as such aﬃrms in policy and practice to support
and promote the concept of equal emplo yment opportunity and aﬃrmativ e action, in accordance with
all applicable f ederal, state, pro vincial and municipal laws. The company also prohibits discrimination
on other bases such as medical condition, marital status or any other factor that is irrelevant to the
performance of our teammates. 
To view the "EEO is the Law" poster, CLICK HERE .
To view the "EEO is the Law" Supplement, CLICK HERE .
 
Bank of America aims to create a w orkplace free from the dangers and resulting consequences of
illegal and illicit drug use and alcohol abuse. Our Drug-F ree W orkplace and Alcohol P olicy (“P olicy”)
establishes requirements to prev ent the presence or use of illegal or illicit drugs or unauthorized
alcohol on Bank of America premises and to pro vide a saf e work environment.
3/23/24, 3:13 PM Job ID:23022150 - Quantitative Finance Analyst -Financial Crimes Data Analyst - Multiple Locations
https://careers.bankofamerica.com/en-us/job-detail/23022150/quantitative-ﬁnance-analyst-ﬁnancial-crimes-data-analyst-multip… 5/5To view Bank of America’ s Drug-free w orkplace and alcohol policy , CLICK HERE .  
