3/23/24, 3:15 PM Associate Product Manager | United States and Canada - Remote
https://instacart.careers/job/?id=5822049 1/8Associate Product
ManagerJoin our Table  Teams  Locations  About InstacartBecome a
ShopperOpen
Jobs3/23/24, 3:15 PM Associate Product Manager | United States and Canada - Remote
https://instacart.careers/job/?id=5822049 2/8Join our Table  Teams  Locations  About InstacartBecome a
ShopperOpen
Jobs3/23/24, 3:15 PM Associate Product Manager | United States and Canada - Remote
https://instacart.careers/job/?id=5822049 3/8Associate Product Manager
at Instacart (View all jobs)
United States and Canada - Remote
We're transforming the grocery industry
At Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believe everyone should have
access to the food they love and more time to enjoy it together. Where others see a simple need for
grocery delivery, we see exciting complexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our
community. We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get their groceries and
household goods, while also oﬀering safe and ﬂexible earnings opportunities to Instacart Personal
Shoppers.
Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building the team to help push our
shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best work of your life, come join our table.
Instacart is a Flex First team
There’s no one-size ﬁts all approach to how we do our best work. Our employees have the ﬂexibility to
choose where they do their best work—whether it’s from home, an oﬃce, or your favorite coﬀee shop
—while staying connected and building community through regular in-person events. Learn more
about our ﬂexible approach to where we work.
Overview
Instacart is hiring its next class for its Associate Product Manager (APM) program. This program is
aimed to help early talent jumpstart their career in product management. As an APM at Instacart, you
will have the opportunity to gain product management experience and solve user challenges across
various teams.
Instacart’s APM program will be 18-months, split across 3 rotations, in teams across Instacart such as
Core Experience, Platform, Marketplace, Connected Stores and Ads. We will be looking to hire highly-
motivated individuals to participate in the class starting August 2024.
A Product Manager at Instacart has a mix of principled thinking, well-honed product sense, and
technical depth. PMs are responsible for owning the product and leading a cross-functional team to
take ideas and iteratively bring them to life. They have a customer-ﬁrst attitude and demonstrate
experience in delivering impactful products and features that are heavily informed by data and user
research.
 
About The Job
Responsible for the end-to-end success from discovery to launch of new products and features
Collaborate with Design, Engineering, Marketing, Data Science, and Analytics teams
Identify new product  opportunities through quantitative research, case studies, and reviews of
industry-standard methodologies
Apply creative solutions, lead the work, and reinvent what is possible in a constantly evolving
environment
Inﬂuence crucial team members throughout Instacart to align intent, resources, and prioritization
Help deﬁne Instacart’s strategic position in the grocery industry as we continue to craft the way
for the online grocery and e-commerce industries
 
About You
Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college or university
1-3 years of working experience
Demonstrate a deep passion for technology and product design - either from a technical
degree, personal projects, or experience in business, strategy, or software-related roles.
Ability to come up with product solutions for customer pain points.
Leadership potential and natural ability to inﬂuence and empower diverse teams. 
 
The Application Process
Apply to the APM program by March 25, 2024.
If selected to move on, you will complete a take-home product challenge.
If your submission is selected, you will complete a series of interviews (including product sense,Simplify1 of 7 keywords
are present in your resumeBeta14%
resume matchJoin our Table  Teams  Locations  About InstacartBecome a
ShopperOpen
Jobs3/23/24, 3:15 PM Associate Product Manager | United States and Canada - Remote
https://instacart.careers/job/?id=5822049 4/8Apply for this Job* Required
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone *
Location (City) *
 execution, behavioral, etc.). 
Candidates who are chosen to be part of the APM program are notiﬁed at the end of June. 
The APM program begins in early August 2024. 
 
Resources
More information about the APM program can be found here: Associate Product Manager 
Instacart provides highly market-competitive compensation and beneﬁts in each location where our
employees work. This role is remote and the base pay range for a successful candidate is dependent
on their permanent work location. Please review our Flex First remote work policy here.
Oﬀers may vary based on many factors, such as candidate experience and skills required for the role.
Additionally, this role is eligible for a new hire equity grant as well as annual refresh grants. Please read
more about our beneﬁts oﬀerings here.
For US based candidates, the base pay ranges for a successful candidate are listed below.
CA, NY, CT, NJ
$135,000—$150,000 USD
WA
$130,000—$144,000 USD
OR, DE, ME, MA, MD, NH, RI, VT, DC, PA, VA, CO, TX, IL, HI
$124,000—$138,000 USD
All other states
$113,000—$125,000 USD
Apply With LinkedIn
Locate me
How did you hear about this job? *
Do you, now or in the future, require sponsorship to work in the United States?  *
Are you currently, or have you previously, worked for Instacart? *
LinkedIn Proﬁle: *
Provide link to your LinkedIn Proﬁle. If none, specify N/A.
Are you legally authorized to work in the country where this job is located? *Resume/CV *Attach , Dropbox, or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
Cover LetterAttach , Dropbox, or enter manually
(File types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf)
--
--
--Join our Table  Teams  Locations  About InstacartBecome a
ShopperOpen
Jobs3/23/24, 3:15 PM Associate Product Manager | United States and Canada - Remote
https://instacart.careers/job/?id=5822049 5/8Voluntary Self ID Questionnaire (U.S.)
At Instacart, we like to think of ourselves as a potluck—where everyone brings something
new, diﬀerent, and ﬂavorful to the table. We believe our team’s wide range of perspectives,
experiences and backgrounds enable us to build a better product for our customers.
Instacart is for everyone, and we’re committed to fostering diverse and inclusive teams that
reﬂect the communities we serve.
Individuals seeking employment at Instacart are considered without regards to race, color,
religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability,
veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic. 
Please note: If you apply for more than one job, you will be asked to ﬁll out the questionnaire
for each application.  
Why are we asking?
In order to track our eﬀectiveness in recruiting a wide range of talent, we invite all applicants
to self-identify demographic information. Completion of the form is required as part of our
standard application process - but disclosing your demographic information is optional. Any
information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a conﬁdential ﬁle.
Self-identiﬁcation categories
Gender Identity: How a person identiﬁes their gender, regardless of their gender
assigned at birth.  
LGBT2QIA+: An umbrella term for a range of sexual orientations and gender
identities/expressions. Stands for “Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Two-Spirit,
Queer, Intersex, and Asexual. The plus sign is meant to encompass all other identities
that belong to this community.” 
Race/Ethnicity: A person’s racial, ethnic or origin identity.  
Disability Status: A person’s physical or mental impairment which may limit one or
more of their major life activities. Learn more here.  
Military Service: A person who has spent time serving in any branch of the military
(retired or active). Learn more here.  
What is your gender or gender identity? (Select one) *
  Woman
  Man
  Non-Conforming/Non Binary
  Not Listed
  I don't wish to answer
Do you identify as a member of the LGBT2QIA+ community? (Select one) *
  Yes
  No
  I don't wish to answer
What is your race and/or ethnicity? Please check all that apply. *
  White / Caucasian (A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe, the Middle
East, or North Africa)
  Hispanic or Latinx (A person of Cuban, Mexican, Puerto Rican, South or Central American or
other Spanish culture or origin regardless of race)
  Black or African-American (A person of African, Caribbean, West Indian descent)
  Asian or Asian-American (A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Asia and the
Indian subcontinent including all 48 Asian countries - ie. Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Korea,
Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippine Islands, Thailand, Vietnam)
  Native Hawaiian or other Paciﬁc Islander (A person having origins in any of the original peoples
of Hawaii, Guam, Samoa, or other Paciﬁc Islands)
  Indigenous Peoples (A person having origins in any of the original peoples including Aboriginal
People, American Indian, Alaska Native, First Nations, Native American, or Alaska Native, Indigenous
peoples from non-US countries)
  A race, ethnicity, or origin not shown
  I don't wish to answer
Military Veteran Status (Select one) *
  I am not a Protected Veteran
  I am a Protected Veteran
  I am an Active Military Person
  I identify as One or More of the Classiﬁcations of a Protected VeteranJoin our Table  Teams  Locations  About InstacartBecome a
ShopperOpen
Jobs3/23/24, 3:15 PM Associate Product Manager | United States and Canada - Remote
https://instacart.careers/job/?id=5822049 6/8 y
  I don't wish to answer
Disability Status (Select one) *
  Yes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability
  No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability
  I am unsure of my disability status
  I don't wish to answer
Submit Application Submit ApplicationJoin our Table  Teams  Locations  About InstacartBecome a
ShopperOpen
Jobs3/23/24, 3:15 PM Associate Product Manager | United States and Canada - Remote
https://instacart.careers/job/?id=5822049 7/8Privacy - Terms
Get a Taste of Instacart
Instacart is a hybrid remote team. Most of our roles are open to in-office, flex, or remote work. Learn more about our
flexible approach to where we work.
No matter what you bring to the potluck, there’s a seat at the table for you. We celebrate the unique and diverse
paths, perspectives and experiences that you may bring to Instacart.
Accommodations & Accessibility
At Instacart, we strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all candidates. If you need assistance
submitting an application through our career site due to a disability, please submit an Accommo dations Request
Form and someone from our team will reach out soon to see how we may be able to assist.@Instacart 
@TasteofInstacart 
Tech Blog
Design Blog
Taste of Instacart Blog
Instacart NewsJoin our Table  Teams  Locations  About InstacartBecome a
ShopperOpen
Jobs3/23/24, 3:15 PM Associate Product Manager | United States and Canada - Remote
https://instacart.careers/job/?id=5822049 8/8Get a taste of Instacart on:Equal Opportunity
Instacart is an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do
not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national
origin, age, sex and gender, gender expression and gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry,
physical or mental disability, military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
For Colorado applicants, pursuant to the Colorado Job Application Fairness Act, you may omit or redact information
identifying age, date of birth, and/or dates of attendance at or graduation from an educational institution in your
resume and/or application.
Candidate Privacy Policy
Careers
Instacart careers
Taste of Instacart
Teams
Locations
Open JobsProducts
Instacart+
iOS App
Android App
Company
Press
Careers
BlogResources
Become a Shopper
Contact Us
Help
Terms Privacy Policy © 2024 InstacartJoin our Table  Teams  Locations  About InstacartBecome a
ShopperOpen
Jobs