3/24/24, 10:10 AM Product manager - Data Management – Watershed Careers
https://watershed.com/careers/5133466004-product-manager-data-management 1/4All open roles
Product manager - Data
Management
Location
San Francisco
Type
Full-Time
Department
Product Management
Apply now
About Watershed
Watershed is a software platform for running a world-class climate program.
We measure our success in the carbon reduction achievements of our
customers. We are looking for team members who love product-building, want
to work hard at a mission-oriented startup, and will collaborate with us in
shaping the culture of a growing team.
We have offices in San Francisco, New York and London and remote team
members across the US and Europe. We hope that you'll be interested in
joining us!
The roleSign in Request a demo Platform Solutions CustomersResources3/24/24, 10:10 AM Product manager - Data Management – Watershed Careers
https://watershed.com/careers/5133466004-product-manager-data-management 2/4Product Managers are the glue that unites all aspects of our product and
offering under a single, cohesive vision and execution plan. They are
passionate and entrepreneurial, and they are accountable for delivering results.
As a result, Product Management at Watershed is a hands on and cross-
functional role. You’ll work with users, Engineering, Design, Climate Science,
Operations, Customer Success, and more to decide the what and why behind
our products and drive progress. 
Over the next thirty years, the world economy will transform to run on zero
carbon. This climate transition will be the greatest economic shift of our
lifetimes, reaching every company in every sector in every geography. By the
middle of the century, humanity will have solved the climate crisis and live in an
economy of sustainable abundance. We call this the climate economy and
Watershed’s mission is to accelerate the world towards it.
To achieve that, Watershed is building the world’s best enterprise sustainability
platform that enables customers to measure & report sustainability data across
their operations and value chain and decarbonize their business. We collect
business activity data from customers in their operations and their value chain,
enrich it with emissions data (curated from research datasets and our own
forecasts and models)
As part of this work, you will:
Be a senior product manager to join the Data Management team that owns
defining & viewing canonical datasets
Creating products showcasing datasets to customers in intuitive UX, and
curating them to ensure completion and accuracy
Develop product vision, strategy, and roadmap in your particular area
Ship products that customers rave about
Share and align your strategy across the greater product portfolio
Cultivate strong relationships with cross-functional teams
Collaborate with your technical team team to ensure execution in support of
your strategy3/24/24, 10:10 AM Product manager - Data Management – Watershed Careers
https://watershed.com/careers/5133466004-product-manager-data-management 3/4You may be a fit if:
You have 5-8 years of product management experience in B2B SaaS
You have worked on data platform products in enterprise SaaS businesses
You have experience with data products that drive insight: background in
statistics, complex data analysis, and/or data visualization
You have worked with teams designing and building robust and flexible data
pipelines and defining data schemas.
You are willing to become an “anthropologist” and work with users directly
to build the right product
You are highly curious and want to understand and shape a complex domain
You have an entrepreneurial mindset, and you must be comfortable rolling
up your sleeves, thriving in ambiguity, and getting the work done
You have an extreme attention to detail, and a high bar for product
excellence
You are comfortable with analytics: you set product metrics, spend time
thinking about complex data problems, and have great data intuition.
You have strong written and verbal communication skills with a talent for
precise articulations of customer problems
The anticipated salary range is in addition to a total rewards benefit package
including equity, health/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), unlimited paid time off,
paid parental leave, fertility, and mental health programs etc.
Salary Range
$171,000—$216,600 USD
 
FAQ
Where does Watershed work?3/24/24, 10:10 AM Product manager - Data Management – Watershed Careers
https://watershed.com/careers/5133466004-product-manager-data-management 4/4Apply now
PrivacyTerms & ConditionsSecurity
© 2024 Watershed Technology, Inc.We have hub offices in San Francisco, New York and London, and some remote
team members in the US and EU. Most of our jobs need to be in San Francisco
/ New York / London, but certain jobs are open to being remote and will be
specifically noted on the jobs page and in the job description.
What’s the interview process like?
It starts the same for every candidate: getting to know the team members
through 1 to 2 conversations about Watershed, your experience, and your
interests. Next steps can vary by role, but usual next steps are a skill or
experience screen (e.g. a coding interview for an engineer, a portfolio review for
a designer, deeper experience call for other roles) which leads to a virtual or in
person interview panel after that if the screens go well. We prioritize
transparency and lack of surprise throughout the process.
US Europe