3/23/24, 3:14 PM Climate advisor – Watershed Careers
https://watershed.com/careers/4038060004-climate-advisor 1/4All open roles
Climate advisor
Location
San Francisco, New York
Type
Full-Time
Department
Climate Advisory
Apply now
About Watershed
Watershed is a software platform for running a world-class climate program.
We measure our success in the carbon reduction achievements of our
customers. We are looking for team members who love product-building, want
to work hard at a mission-oriented startup, and will collaborate with us in
shaping the culture of a growing team.
We have offices in San Francisco, New York and London and remote team
members across the US and Europe. We hope that you'll be interested in
joining us!
The role3/23/24, 3:14 PM Climate advisor – Watershed Careers
https://watershed.com/careers/4038060004-climate-advisor 2/4We're growing our Climate Advisor team to accelerate the adoption and
expansion of best-in-class corporate climate programs. Our Climate Advisors
do this by working directly with companies, advising how to track, disclose and
reduce carbon emissions; and by working with our product and engineering
teams to build climate intelligence into everything we do. Our team is driven by
a mission to drive carbon reductions in the world’s largest companies.
You will:
Advise corporates on how to create and increase the ambition of their
climate programs, and then realize those goals — ranging from reporting to
target-setting to decarbonization strategies
Build climate intelligence by staying ahead of the latest climate frameworks,
regulation or developments – and bringing these to our customers
Pioneer Watershed’s capabilities by exploring climate needs in new
industries or developing new product prototypes, to push the frontier of
what Watershed can deliver
Infuse climate program expertise into how we work with our customers and
to the other parts of the Watershed organization (partnering with Sales,
Customer Success, Engineering and more)
You might be a fit if you:
Have 6+ years of professional experience, with at least 1-2 years working in
corporate decarbonization
Have deep familiarity of key climate frameworks, such as GHGP, PCAF, TCFD,
SBTi or CDP
Have experience driving strategic initiatives in complex organizations,
driving decision making while managing internal and external stakeholders
Have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and are
comfortable presenting to C-suite
Think clearly about complex problems, and are comfortable using and
speaking to dataRequest a demo Platform Solutions CustomersResources3/23/24, 3:14 PM Climate advisor – Watershed Careers
https://watershed.com/careers/4038060004-climate-advisor 3/4Are passionate about climate, excited to join a startup and ready to take
responsibility defining a new standard for climate programs around the
world!
Considered a “nice to have” if you:
Have a degree in climate related fields (e.g. climate science, sustainability,
environmental engineering)
Are fluent in multiple languages (English, French, German or Spanish)
The anticipated salary range is in addition to a total rewards benefit package
including equity, health/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), unlimited paid time off,
paid parental leave, fertility, and mental health programs etc.
Salary Range
$126,000—$214,000 USD
 
FAQ
Where does Watershed work?
We have hub offices in San Francisco, New York and London, and some remote
team members in the US and EU. Most of our jobs need to be in San Francisco
/ New York / London, but certain jobs are open to being remote and will be
specifically noted on the jobs page and in the job description.
What’s the interview process like?
It starts the same for every candidate: getting to know the team members
through 1 to 2 conversations about Watershed, your experience, and your
interests. Next steps can vary by role, but usual next steps are a skill or
experience screen (e.g. a coding interview for an engineer, a portfolio review for
a designer, deeper experience call for other roles) which leads to a virtual or in
person interview panel after that if the screens go well. We prioritize
transparency and lack of surprise throughout the process.3/23/24, 3:14 PM Climate advisor – Watershed Careers
https://watershed.com/careers/4038060004-climate-advisor 4/4Apply now
PrivacyTerms & ConditionsSecurity
© 2024 Watershed Technology, Inc.US Europe